Add README and release notes (#87)
JamFactoryApp/jamfactory-backend: RELEASE.md

* :sparkles: Login to Spotify and create a Spotify JamSession as a host.
* :sparkles: Join a created JamSession using the JamLabel.
* :sparkles: Search for Spotify Songs, Albums or Playlists.
* :sparkles: Save Spotify search results in a Redis cache.
* :sparkles: Add, vote for or delete songs, which are stored in a Queue. See [How voting works](./docs/documentation.md#how-voting-works)
* :sparkles: Add a Conductor to manage the JamSession and control the Spotify playback. 
* :sparkles: Get the users Spotify Playlists and available Playback devices.
* :sparkles: Basic Playback control (Play, Pause and select the playback device)
* :sparkles: Detect, when a user takes Control over the Spotify playback and stop the Conductor. See [JamSession State](./docs/documentation.md#jamsession-state)
* :sparkles: Add Housekeeping to delete inactive JamSessions.
* :sparkles: Add Websocket Support to push updates to the joined users of a JamSession. See [Websocket Reference](./docs/documentation.md#socket-reference) for details.
* :memo: Added [API Documentation](./docs/documentation.md#api-reference)

### Features Removed
This is the first release. Nothing to remove.

### Bug Fixes

> No bugs were fixed with this release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No bugs were fixed with this release.
```

* [``GET: /api/v1/jam/leave``](./docs/documentation.md#5-leave-the-jamsession-currently-joined-by-the-user)
* [``PUT: /api/v1/jam/playback``](./docs/documentation.md#6-set-playback-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)
* [``PUT: /api/v1/jam``](./docs/documentation.md#7-set-the-information-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)

**Queue**
* [``PUT: /api/v1/queue/collection``](./docs/documentation.md#1-add-a-collection-to-the-queue-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)
* [``DELETE: /api/v1/delete``](./docs/documentation.md#2-delete-a-song-in-the-queue-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)
* [``GET: /api/v1/queue``](./docs/documentation.md#3-get-the-queue-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)
* [``PUT: /api/v1/queue/vote``](./docs/documentation.md#4-vote-for-a-song-in-the-queue-of-the-jamsession-joined-by-the-user)

**Spotify**
* [``PUT: /api/v1/spotify/devices``](./docs/documentation.md#1-get-the-users-available-spotify-playback-devices)
* [``GET: /api/v1/spotify/playlists``](./docs/documentation.md#2-get-the-users-available-spotify-playlists)
* [``PUT: /api/v1/spotify/search``](./docs/documentation.md#3-search-for-an-item-on-spotify)

> ###Removed API Endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed API Endpoints

```

> No API Endpoints will be removed in this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No API Endpoints were removed in this release.
```
